[Music]  me  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  [Applause]  me  [Music]  hey  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  i'm 24 weeks pregnant which means six  months already which is crazy spreading  a little appetizer  what does this say  lamb  lamb park so we've been into oregon  [Music]  meat lately specifically liver and heart  and this lamb part is  so  good  poor choice of milk i have raw milk here  this one it's not gonna okay there it's  okay i wouldn't travel freely like this  time prosciutto  and then break burrata over the top with  maybe like an egg like a runny egg or  something it's my breakfast a mini bagel  with whipped cream cheese  one side with smoked salmon one side  with bacon i'll put it on there and then  some eggs i'm having  a steak caesar with one of those truffle  burrata balls there's two balls  [Music]  my list for this year is don't be afraid  to quit things  like newborn calves ripped away from  their mothers  sometimes it's okay to lie  [Music]  like sometimes lol  is the best answer  [Music]  [Applause]  like  [Music]  sometimes it's okay to lie  [Music]  you don't always owe people an  explanation it has brought me so much  peace when i see things that are hyper  critical  or that  like deep delve into the psychology that  people think they know about me is to  respond with lol  it's very very helpful